# userstoriesautomation
This is the automation of Meralco documentation and user stories.

The purpose of this program was to reduce the time spent on tediously mapping out test IDs, creating test cases from scratch, creating test appendices, creating a Traceability Matrix, copy pasting User Permission Matrix to their corresponding features, auto generating standard processes for each feature, and . The idea of the program was to direct the attention of Business Analysts on focusing the needs and requirements of the client, and not to be boggled by the formatting and structure of the documentation.

Test Case Maker.py is the generation of Test Cases based on the template file LN App Migration -[Department Name].xlsx. A user manual was created for Business Analysts to adhere to in order to prevent any errors within the generation of test cases. Certain features of Test Case Maker automatically maps out IDs to their corresponding features.

Test Appendix Maker.py is the generation of Test Case Appendices. Due to the limitation of Excel storing pictures, MS word was used as a repository for the screenshots made with the generated Test Cases. The program looks the generated test cases, and carries the test ID and expected outcome to the generated Test Case Appendices. This allows the user to perform the test cases without any concern on the formatting.

Tester.py is a program that performs the test cases that were generated by Test Case Maker. It utilizes the python library, "Selenium". The core feature of this program is that it is dynamic. Each feature to be tested would require a different user in order to determine their capabilities as defined in the User Permission Matrix. However, this code was discontinued due to my resignation with the company. 

Merge Test.py is program to allow any of the screenshots taken by Tester.py to automatically merge with the Test Case Appendices to their corresponding Screenshot column and row. However, this was also discontinued due to the incompletion of the Tester.py
